P3-Project_Planning/README.md, before:

# Project Planning
For this assignment, you'll create some initial plans for your project.

## Assignment
[Project Planning Assignment Discription](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/modules/assignments/project-planning)

[comment]: <> (## Submission Instructions)

### Wireframes
* [mvp Landing Page](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/1_LandingPage_WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp Login](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/2_Login_WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp Create/Edit Event](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/3_CreateEditEvent_WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp Event Profile](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/4_EventProfileWireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp User Profile](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/5_userProfile-WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp Registration page](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/6_register_WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)


### Project Tracker

Include a link to your public Trello board. Be sure you have user stories added for at least your first 2-week sprint.

### Project Repo Link

Include a link to your project on GitHub.

Commit message:

links to Trello and GitHub added to Readme.md

P3-Project_Planning/README.md, after:

# Project Planning
For this assignment, you'll create some initial plans for your project.

## Assignment
[Project Planning Assignment Discription](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/modules/assignments/project-planning)

[comment]: <> (## Submission Instructions)

### Wireframes
* [mvp Landing Page](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/1_LandingPage_WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp Login](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/2_Login_WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp Create/Edit Event](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/3_CreateEditEvent_WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp Event Profile](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/4_EventProfileWireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp User Profile](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/5_userProfile-WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)
* [mvp Registration page](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/liftoff-assignments/tree/master/P3-Project_Planning/6_register_WireframeApril192021_MVP_set.pdf)


### Project Tracker

[So I Went to a Concert: Trello](https://trello.com/b/22sfLhxw/liftoff2021)

### Project Repo Link

[So I Went to a Concert: GitHub](https://github.com/EKCodeLab/soiwenttoaconcert)
